terminology notes









'Expression:'	-combination of variables, operations and values that yields a result value.



'Statement:'	-does something. Represents an action or command. 	eg. print statements, assignment statements



'Object:'	-refers to a particular instance of a class, where the object can be a combination of variables, functions, and data structures.



'Controller:'	-responsible for controlling the application logic and acts as the coordinator between the View and the Model.



'Event Handler:'	-routine that is used to deal with an event, allowing a programmer to write code that will be executed when the event occurs.



'Constructor:'	-command to initialize a class with any initial attributes



'Class:'		-A user-defined prototype for an object that defines a set of attributes that characterize any object of the class. The attributes are data members (class variables and instance variables) and methods, accessed via dot notation.



'Class variable:'	-A variable that is shared by all instances of a class. Class variables are defined within a class but outside any of the class's methods. Class variables are not used as frequently as instance variables are.



'Data member:'	-A class variable or instance variable that holds data associated with a class and its objects.



'Function overloading:'	-The assignment of more than one behavior to a particular function. The operation performed varies by the types of objects or arguments involved.



'Instance variable:'	-A variable that is defined inside a method and belongs only to the current instance of a class.



'Inheritance:'	-The transfer of the characteristics of a class to other classes that are derived from it.



'Instance:'	-An individual object of a certain class. An object obj that belongs to a class Circle, for example, is an instance of the class Circle.



'Instantiation:'	-The creation of an instance of a class.



'Method:'	-A special kind of function that is defined in a class definition.



'Object:'	-A unique instance of a data structure that's defined by its class. An object comprises both data members (class variables and instance variables) and methods.



'Operator overloading:'	-The assignment of more than one function to a particular operator.



'Struct:'	-Arrays allow to define type of variables that can hold several data items of the same kind. Similarly structure is another user defined data type available in C that allows to combine data items of different kinds.  Structures are used to represent a record.




